Added Multimodal Modals concept entry (#6180)
Codecademy/codepedia-content: content/ai/concepts/multimodal-models/multimodal-models.md

2. **Fusion Mechanisms**: Combining information from different modalities using techniques like:
   - **Early fusion** (combining raw input features before model processing)
   - **Late fusion** (processing modalities separately, then merging outputs)
   - **Hybrid fusion** (combining at different levels of the model)
3. **Cross-Modal Learning**: Using shared representations to improve performance across modalities.

## Examples of Multimodal AI Models

- **CLIP (Contrastive Language-Image Pretraining)**: Learns connections between text and images to generate accurate image descriptions.
- **DALL·E**: Generates images from textual descriptions by understanding text and visual relationships.
- **GPT-4V**: Processes both text and images, allowing vision-based reasoning.

## Challenges in Multimodal AI

- **Data Alignment**: Ensuring that different modalities correctly correspond (e.g., matching text to the right image).
- **Computational Complexity**: Processing multiple data streams requires more power and memory.
- **Interpretability**: Understanding how AI integrates information across modalities remains a challenge.

## Implementation structure

> Multimodal AI can be implemented in various ways using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or Hugging Face Transformers. However, a common structure involves:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multimodal AI can be implemented in various ways using deep learning frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, or HuggingFace Transformers. However, a common structure involves:
```
